hey guys welcome to another English
commentary done by dignity this match is
going to be between luxury and fantasy
it is set 677 actually sorry seven ktf
on the line and this is not the opponent
you want for luxury on this map luxury
first of all fantasy very creative
against zerg actually looks up at his
statistics in between games and
surprisingly zerg is actually his lowest
rated matchup and i'm not sure what the
cause of that is but on paper i think
he's much better against zerg than he
has the other two matches even though
Protoss is apparently fantasies best
matchup statistically anyway this is
going to be on the Oh harmony which is
also about even maps to according to the
map statistics initially I thought this
would be a really strong Zerg map
because even though you have two angles
on that that hatchery you could still
cover those two angles from with just a
couple salt and colonies and then past
that you really it's difficult to
contain zur because they can squirt out
from either direction and then it's just
a matter of taking your third base which
I thought we would see more hide list
clerk or play and I thought from there
basically yeah would be pretty easy are
capable but shows you why I'm not a
circa expert it's been just about even
and I guess taking a third base is
proven more difficult for Zurich players
across the board then prior then
probably thought a lot of what well I
think a lot of Terran players have been
doing has it been going drop shipped and
things like that just kind of bypass
that we seen a little bit of mech even
though i don't think mex very good on
this map mostly from up magical place
like the end players like that and i
like the way zerg have been playing on
this map all together they've been
playing very creatively luxury ended up
being beating leta with a very creative
build completely faking him out on this
map additionally jaedong beat up magic
with a very creative we're just kind of
throwing him off with sealing himself in
going one showing one tech when he's
going another that sort of thing looks
like right off the bat luxuries has that
Overlord headed the upper left-hand
corner so he's going to have that
valuable that valuable information first
the opposite end leta will see you
direction he sends that scout whether
he'll be able to get that information
simultaneously or if that overload will
come out in time and it looks like we're
seeing a 12 hatch build here from luxury
but we'll see what luxury does and I I
can't say i can predict his play at this
stage because on this map I've seen just
about everything
and I think that's the hallmark of a
good map that's just I guess I can be
opinionated about that but that's why i
like seeing it's not a very good map
terran vs protoss but i think it's a fun
map otherwise anyway SUV scout heading
to that bottom left hand corner
unfortunately for fantasy so he's not
going to have the scouting information
right off the bat sqt were right there
you can see the entire team routing form
waiting expectantly hoping they can
close this out gasps and spawning pool
going down here for luxury so luxury
wants to get brought some gas maybe to
push tech a little bit here produce some
certain leads to kill that SUV scout
sure to come along the way second supply
depot here for fantasy so fantasy looks
like he's setting up I'm not seeing a
second birth go down and not seeing that
gas go down so it looks like he's going
to set up to take his expansion and play
a little bit more than medic marine game
we already know he's going to that medic
marine game because he didn't seal that
front door II didn't grab that gas to
this stage luxury already mining that
gas so very quick gas for luxury looks
like he's going to go yeah push some
sort of tech which really suggests he's
probably going to go for some sort of
two hatchery build at this stage he
could go for zergling speed and just
produce a lot of zerglings try to push
that secondary but that needs to be
careful that overloads going to be
backing up there's fantasy taking that
secondary now SED scout coming back back
home but i can't imagine this is going
to be an all-in build from luxury just
just seeing how he's been playing lately
especially with that SUVs got wandering
in and seen that quick tech the layer
already and a couple's earnings being
produced he's going to have to get that
bunker up momentarily but yeah the
zerglings starting to pour out let's see
if they go after that SCV initially
looks like they could test that front
door that Overlord sees it had vision
there but the timing is going to be off
that bunker should be finished by the
time those earrings approach and there
should be enough marines and suvs to
keep that up they might be able to get a
run by but fantasy again he knows these
organs are coming might be able to get a
blockade along the way and i'm not sure
that luxury wants to sacrifice a certain
set the stage anna to actually build i
think you would much rather kill that
SUV scout early and then just kind of
hide the tech direction he's going so
and we'll see and then keep in mind what
what he could do is he can go either
direction i think an NGO lurker quickly
at which point he's kind of he could be
playing into a fantasies hands a little
bit there at that stage because that
essentially means he is in fact going to
go for that three o'clock base he's
going to go for
he's just going to try to hold it in the
fate and but fantasy could preempt that
by again going dropship something like
that getting quick science vessels out
or he can go muta Liske sand try to play
a little bit more of a map control game
take a third base somewhere most likely
in that bottom right-hand corner which I
will not say again I've seen these games
so I won't say whether that is the case
or not all that it is that that's
essentially a spoiler or he can go
all-in off those melisk switch again
fantasy should be well prepared for
fantasy saw that spire go down he
actually came up he saw that second gas
he saw the drone saturation so he has a
pretty good indicator that that though
that basically is going to be facing
needles he should have weapons one as
well as range looks like luxury testing
that front door looks like Marines
already in that back lane just in case
circlings skew through hmm coated the
car battery for the wrist time hope it
didn't make you guys lot yeah jaan long
night for me actually i woke up at like
two and haven't been able to sleep since
it's right as i'm doing his commentaries
it's 8am and there's that drona already
putting up the hatchery that bottom
right-hand corner so essentially the
game plan at this stage for luxury is
create as much distance between luxuries
force between I'm sorry fantasies forces
and his use those minerals to pick off
troops as much as possible in between if
they try to approach that base that
zergling taking it looks like a hit and
just going to start wandering off from
that stage looks like that son Connie
just a single son colony up because he's
going to have the six meal escs to help
defend alongside and fantasy if he
convinced all those forces first of all
they get wiped out and second of all
he'd have to deal with the mule asst
grass opposite that so coming back to
home base let's see if he'll have if
i'll have the defenses up i assume he
will simply because he saw this coming
that he had this completely scouted so
he should be pretty solid in his defense
SUV starting to wander that bottom
right-hand corner so needs to hurry mom
might be able to concept that expansion
the bottom right corner SUV is going to
get killed before it mentions to get
there but i think fantasy is a pretty
good idea of where that's at a couple
turrets going up critically one at the
ramp and a high drill stand being
produced right after that to produce
perhaps some lurkers in that bottom
right-hand corner to kind of
add that defense so the medalists just
kind of wither those forces down and
then the what's the word I'm looking for
lurkers afterwards to provide some
padded defense and maybe do some and
that's the nice thing with lurker
approaches you can come from multiple
angles as well that bunker doesn't cover
as much as you'd really want it to its
it is hugging that command center so
we'll provide some defense but luxury he
doesn't have enough mules to really do
this against this larger force here so
he should back off I think this is more
to keep those mute Allah that he just
wants to keep them at home fantasy knows
that he's only going up against what is
that six I think six at this stage but
yeah that bunker in that position should
defend but still lurkers can't plant at
the bottom they can take out those
turrets at that location looks like
luxuries going to wander up he will be
able to pick off an SCV keep a third to
her from going out but that's the nice
thing from surrogates there's lots of
approaches you can take to attack and
dedicating a little bit longer than I
thought it would bring up the servings
as well for a second there it looked
like he was going to go all in but
backing off now that'll keep fantasy in
his base a lot longer as well and it
looks like drones going to be
transferred a very very long ways into
that bottom right corner fire bat being
produced so maybe wants to take another
shot at that front door but or maybe you
and subservience able to sneak in that
it looks like that bunker doesn't quite
help and luxury trying to